Hi! I am John Michael Cruel Gabriel, and this is a bio about myself.
I am currently in my 19th year in this world. I was born here in Quezon City, Philippines on the 5th of April 2000, but grew up and raised in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. I am an only child, but there was always the feeling of longing for a sibling. My parents are Edmundo and Sandra Gabriel, and they are happily married for 20 years.
I started going to school when I was 3 in a Christian school until Grade 3, and then we left to live with my dad in Saudi Arabia until my last junior year. I came back here in the Philippines for my Senior High School, and right now, I am currently in my 2nd year of college studying Electronics Engineering in the University of Santo Tomas. In school, I never really stood out and I was always the quiet type of person in the room. I find myself to be the type of person who would be able to talk to someone in a group of people, but not talk to that whole group of people. But whenever I am comfortable with the person, I become very noisy and very annoying, and this is according to my close friends right now. 
My hobbies would be playing music, sports and video games. Yes, I do play sports like basketball, badminton, and volleyball, but I was more indulged in playing video games. Back when I was small, I used to play the Playstation together with my closest cousin and I think that is where my love and passion for games started to develop. What really helped me discover my passion for games was in Saudi Arabia, because my life there would be to go to school, and then go straight home. The computer would be my buddy at home, and playing with friends online was my life in Saudi Arabia, of course after dealing with the academic stuff. 
My dream right now is to become an Esports player, or something close to one. I would like to try my skills in my games in a competitive basis and continue to improve more and more. But considering that I am an only child, I put my studies first before that. Currently, I hope to graduate on time and to help my parents in the near future. I would like to return all the hardwork and care they gave for me. I would also like to make them proud and to assure them that I would also work hard for my future family.
The important things to me right now would be my parents and my whole family, and I would continue to strive harder to achieve my dreams to make them all proud. Thank you for reading my short bio! :>>
